Add open source blurb (#12)
codecov/shared: README.md

Shared is a place for code that is common to multiple python repositories on `codecov`.

> We believe that everyone should have access to quality software (like Sentry), that’s why we have always offered Codecov for free to open source maintainers.
>

> > By open sourcing Codecov, we’re not only joining the community that’s supported us from the start — but also want to make sure that every developer can contribute to and build on the Codecov experience.

Author: ```suggestion
> By making our code public, we’re not only joining the community that’s supported us from the start — but also want to make sure that every developer can contribute to and build on the Codecov experience.
```
